integration of design specification, defined terms and introduction sections review (#594)
italia/eid-wallet-it-docs: docs/en/functionalities.rst

- The User MUST download the Wallet Solution onto their device to generate their Wallet Instance; 
- The User MUST set up an unlocking method through a recognition mode (e.g., OTP, biometric authentication, Face ID, PIN). The User MUST use the selected recognition method each time they access the service to ensure security and protect their information; 
- The User MUST review all relevant information regarding the activation process and service usage. Additionally, the User MUST read any policy from the Provider and PID Provider and/or the service's terms and conditions. The User MUST give their consent to proceed or MAY decline to cancel the operation; 
- The User MUST select an Authentication option from those available; 
- The User MUST complete the Authentication flow with the National Identity Provider’s service; 
- The User MUST receive confirmation of the Authentication process outcome. If successful, the User MUST view a preview of their PID. The User MUST confirm the previewed information to proceed with Wallet Instance activation, or MAY cancel the operation; 

> - The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlocking method previously set; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlocking method previously set; 
```
Whenever authorization is required, the user will use the unlocking method set on the app of the wallet provider

Author: Our proposal is to add in the Activation section:

- The User sets an unlock method for their Wallet Instance  (e.g., OTP, biometric authentication, Face ID, PIN). The User uses the unlock method whenever an authorization is required to ensure security and protect their information;

Reviewer 2: Attenzione perché il metodo di sblocco non è specifico dell'istanza Wallet ma dell'intera app che ospita l'istanza.

- **From the Wallet Instance Catalog**: The User explores the list of Electronic Attestations of Attributes provided by the Wallet Solution, selects the one of interest, and initiates the request process, which concludes with obtaining the Electronic Attestation of Attributes in the Wallet Instance. 

- **From a Touchpoint of the Authentic Source** (or the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider if it coincides with the Authentic Source): The User interacts with the digital service of the Authentic Source, allowing them to obtain a specific Electronic Attestation of Attributes in their Wallet Instance via an Engagement Button.

Although the initiation methods for requesting the issuance may differ, the request flows share a similar structure and process. Below are the functional requirements to support the User Experience related to the request of an Electronic Attestation of Attributes from the Catalog: 

> - The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the previously set unlock method; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the previously set unlock method; 
```
The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method of the app

Author: See comment [above](https://github.com/italia/eid-wallet-it-docs/pull/594#discussion_r2045103742)

- The User MUST select the Electronic Attestation of Attributes they wish to request from the available options in the Catalog; 

> - The User MUST review certain minimum information before confirming the operation: PID data, if required by the Authentic Source for the request of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, the name of the related Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, and any related information policy. The User MUST choose whether to disclose any additional non-mandatory data for the request (Selective Disclosure). The User MUST give their consent to proceed, or they MAY cancel the operation; 

Reviewer: After choosing the credential from the catalog the user presents the PID (trust issuer) and then can see the preview of the attestation in which he must review all of them.

Reviewer: The User MUST choose whether to disclose any additional non-mandatory data for the request (Selective Disclosure). --> Remove the selective disclosure in the issuing process.

Author: We integrated your observations as follows:

the User views the PID data, if required by the Authentic Source for the request of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, the name of the related Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, and any related information policy. The User gives their consent to proceed, presenting their PID data to the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, or cancels the operation;

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if the PID is presented if requested. The issuer could also decide to request another credential to obtain a third. I don't think it has to be a user authentication via PID.

Reviewer 4: @grausof I agree. My proposal is to amend the sentence as follows: "The User MUST review certain minimum information before confirming the operation: PID data **or other Attributes**, if required by the Authentic Source for the request of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, [...]"

- The User MUST view a preview of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes. The User MUST confirm the data shown in the preview to proceed with the request or MAY cancel the operation; 

> - The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 
```
 The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method of the app

Author: See comment https://github.com/italia/eid-wallet-it-docs/pull/594#discussion_r2045103742

- The User MUST view the positive outcome of the request; 
- The User MUST view the details of the requested Electronic Attestation of Attributes, including: the data contained in it, the name of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider who issued the Attestation, and the name of the Authentic Source; 

> - The User MUST have access to all issued Electronic Attestations by navigating the Catalog of the Wallet Instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The User MUST have access to all issued Electronic Attestations by navigating the Catalog of the Wallet Instance. 
```
The user must be able to view the attestations issued in the Wallet Instance

Reviewer: che sia da catalogo o dalla sezione di dettaglio possiamo non specificarlo

Author: We edited the sentence:
> the User has access to all issued Electronic Attestations by navigating the Wallet Instance.

> The User MUST always be able to request the revocation of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, even without the device where the Instance was activated. For more details, please refer to the `Management of Electronic Attestations <wallet-attestation.html>` section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The User MUST always be able to request the revocation of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, even without the device where the Instance was activated. For more details, please refer to the `Management of Electronic Attestations <wallet-attestation.html>` section. 
```
The User MUST always be able to request the revocation of the Wallet Instance (not the single attestation, since the wallet provider doesn't know which attestation is added to the wallet)

Author: We integrated your observations as follow:

The Wallet Provider MUST allow the User to remove the Electronic Attestation of Attributes through their Wallet Instance at any moment. In  case of absence of the device where the Wallet Instance was activated, the Wallet Provider MUST allow the User to deactivate the entire Wallet Instance through a specific Touchpoint. In addition, the PID Provider and the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Providers SHOULD allow the User to revoke the issued Digital Credentials through specific Touchpoints. For more details, please refer to the Deactivation of the Wallet Instance and Management of Electronic Attestations sections.

> In the event of communication issues between the systems of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider and the Authentic Source, or if administrative or technical processes prevent the immediate issuance of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, the request process MUST support deferred process. In this case:  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the event of communication issues between the systems of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider and the Authentic Source, or if administrative or technical processes prevent the immediate issuance of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, the request process SHOULD support deferred process. In this case:  
```

Reviewer 2: Deferred issuance is not enabled by default, but it can be configured if needed.

> - Upon reaching the final step of the process, the User MUST be presented with a message prompting them to wait until the Electronic Attestation of Attributes can be issued. 

Reviewer: prevediamo il deferred issuing nelle linee guida? in ogni caso suggeriamo di comunicare anche un tempo di gestione della richiesta.

Author: We edited as follow:
In the event of communication issues between the systems of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider and the Authentic Source, or if administrative or technical processes prevent the immediate issuance of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, the actors involved **MAY** support a deferred issuance process.

We are not comfortable suggesting a management time, since there are too many variables affecting it.

- The User MUST be notified by the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider once the Electronic Attestation of Attributes becomes available. 

> If the User encounters incorrect data in an already obtained or in-progress Electronic Attestation of Attributes, they SHOULD receive appropriate assistance. For more information, please refer to the `Assistance <wallet-attestation.html>` section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the User encounters incorrect data in an already obtained or in-progress Electronic Attestation of Attributes, they SHOULD receive appropriate assistance. For more information, please refer to the `Assistance <wallet-attestation.html>` section. 
```
**Self-resolution**: the User consults the frequently asked questions (FAQs) about the content and functionalities of the Wallet Instance, in order to resolve any error cases or issues independently. - Each Auth Source must provide a public support contact in case users require assistance. If they choose not to offer direct contact to users within the app, it will be the responsibility of the wallet provider to reach out to the Auth Sources.
**Guided issue reporting**: the User is guided through the process of opening an assistance ticket, in order to clearly define the issue and facilitate its resolution.
**Collaboration between actors:** Each actor involved (Wallet Provider, Electronic Attestations of Attributes Provider, PID Provider, and Authentic Source) **MUST** ensure the availability of dedicated back-office channels, configured according to their specific roles and operational procedures. The Wallet Provider SHOULD ensure that every request is directed to the appropriate actor in order to provide a prompt and accurate response, avoid overloading the actors involved, and improve the overall effectiveness of the assistance system.
**Efficient communication:** all the actors involved MUST guarantee that the User can track the updated status of their request throughout all stages of processing, with clear, continuous, and coordinated communication.

Author: We took out the normative language from the best practices bullet points and added the MUST you're suggesting to the 3 levels paragraph.

> For effective error management and the resolution of any other issues, Primary Actors MUST ensure adequate support to the User by structuring a simple and effective assistance model based on the following principles: 
> 
> - Self-resolution: to allow the User to consult the frequently asked questions (FAQs) about the content and functionalities of the Wallet Instance, in order to resolve any error cases or issues independently. 
> 
> - Guided issue reporting: to guide the User through the process of opening an assistance ticket, in order to clearly define the issue and facilitate its resolution. 
> 
> - Collaboration between actors: to allow the coordination among each actor involved (Wallet Provider, Electronic Attestations of Attributes Provider, PID Provider, and Authentic Source), according to their specific roles and operational procedures.  
> 
> - Efficient communication: to allow the User to track the updated status of their request throughout all stages of processing, with clear, continuous, and coordinated communication. 
> 
> To implement these principles, the actors involved SHOULD guarantee the following requirements in order to establish a hierarchical assistance model: 
> 
> 1. Level I | Self-management: the Wallet Provider SHOULD allow the User to access to a Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) section within their Wallet Instance to clarify doubts and resolve certain issues independently. Each actor SHOULD create specific FAQs and corresponding answers regarding the data and functionalities they provide to the Wallet Provider or in their Touchpoints. For certain error cases, the Wallet Provider SHOULD provide another actor's direct channel of support to facilitate timely management and avoid opening an assistance request within the Wallet Instance.  
> 
> 2. Level II | Requesting assistance from the Wallet Provider: if Level I is insufficient, the Wallet Provider MUST give the User the possibility to open one or more assistance requests. These requests SHOULD be managed through the Wallet Instance or other Wallet Provider Touchpoints. The Wallet Provider MUST diagnose and resolve the issue if it falls under their responsibility. 
> 
> 3. Level III | Forwarding the request to the responsible actor: if Level II is insufficient, the Wallet Provider SHOULD ensure that the request is forwarded to the responsible actor (Electronic Attestations of Attributes Provider, PID Provider, or Authentic Source), who MUST ensure the availability of dedicated back-office channels to resolve the issue and communicate the outcome to the User.

Layout of Electronic Attestations 
==================================

The Electronic Attestations obtained within the Wallet Instance SHOULD be displayed in a list within a Preview View. In this case, the Electronic Attestations MUST ensure a high level of recognizability and accessibility [REF_ACCESSIBILITY] of the information contained. Below are the requirements for displaying the Electronic Attestation that each Wallet Provider MUST adhere to in order to provide a consistent and accessible consultation and usage experience: 

- The Electronic Attestation MUST be displayed correctly across all devices, ensuring a consistent experience on screens of varying sizes; 
- The name of the Electronic Attestation MUST be clearly visible and always displayed in both the Detail View and the Preview View; 

> - The Electronic Attestation, in the Preview View, MUST display its validity status and MAY also include additional attributes to enhance the user experience and management; for example, it MAY display the name or logo of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider or the PID Provider; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Electronic Attestation, in the Preview View, MUST display its validity status and MAY also include additional attributes to enhance the user experience and management; for example, it MAY display the name or logo of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider or the PID Provider; 
```
The Electronic Attestation, in the Preview View, SHOULD display its validity status and MAY also include additional attributes to enhance the user experience and management; for example, it MAY display the name or logo of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider or the PID Provider; in the **detail** the validity status MUST be displayed.

Author: We partially integrated your observation to be consistent with the current experience:

The Electronic Attestation, both in the Preview View and the Detailed View, MUST display its status if different from valid and MAY display it if valid. The Preview View MAY also include additional attributes to enhance the User Experience and management;

> - The Electronic Attestation, in the Preview View, MUST display its validity status and MAY also include additional attributes to enhance the user experience and management; for example, it MAY display the name or logo of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider or the PID Provider; 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The Electronic Attestation, in the Preview View, SHOULD display its validity status and MAY also include additional attributes to enhance the user experience and management; for example, it MAY display the name or logo of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider or the PID Provider; 
- Tha status MUST be displayed in the EA's detail.
```

- **Remote Presentation**: The User presents the PID and/or a set of Attributes contained in one or more Electronic Attestations through the Wallet Instance, to a Relying Party configured for online verification, for instance, to Authenticate and access the services offered. 

Proximity Presentation 
=======================

Proximity presentation allows the User to present the PID and/or a set of Attributes contained in one or more Electronic Attestations via their Wallet Instance, using one of two methods: 

- **Supervised mode**: The User presents the PID and/or a set of Attributes contained in one or more Electronic Attestations through the Wallet Instance to a Verifier equipped with a dedicated verification app or system (e.g., law enforcement officer, pharmacist); 

- **Unsupervised mode**: The User presents the PID and/or a set of Attributes contained in one or more Electronic Attestations through the Wallet Instance to a designated device (e.g., turnstile, ATM). 

Below are the functional requirements supporting the User Experience for both methods.

**Supervised Mode** 

> - The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method previously set; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method previously set; 
```
- The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method of the app

Author: See comment [above](https://github.com/italia/eid-wallet-it-docs/pull/594#discussion_r2045103742)

- The User MUST navigate to the feature dedicated to QR Code generation; 
- The User MUST present the generated QR Code to the Verifier acting on behalf of the Relying Party, who scans it using the designated verification app or system; 
- The User MUST review the requested PID data and/or Attributes, the name of the requesting Service Provider, and any related policy. The User MUST decide whether to share any non-mandatory PID data and/or Attributes (Selective Disclosure). The User MUST provide consent to proceed or MAY cancel the operation; 
- The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 
- The User MUST receive confirmation of the successful presentation. 

If an error occurs, the User MUST receive clear and consistent messages informing them of the issue and guiding them toward resolution. For further details, please refer to the `Error Management`_ section. 

For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it.  

**Unsupervised Mode** 

> - The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method previously set; 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method of the Wallet Provider app; 
```

	- The User decides they no longer wish to use a specific Electronic Attestation; 
	- The User decides to deactivate their Wallet Instance, thereby revoking all previously obtained Electronic Attestations; 
	- The User no longer has possession of the device on which their Wallet Instance is installed due to loss or theft. 

- **Passive revocation**: This refers to the revocation of an Electronic Attestation managed by the respective Electronic Attestation Provider on behalf of the Authentic Source. In this case, the User MUST be informed of the status change of the Electronic Attestation through their Wallet Instance and MAY additionally be notified via other Touchpoints managed by the Electronic Attestation Provider. Below is an illustrative list of scenarios that could lead to the revocation of an Electronic Attestation: 

	- The physical document corresponding to the Electronic Attestation has been reported lost or damaged by the User through the appropriate channel/ Touchpoint; 
	- The physical document corresponding to the Electronic Attestation has been revoked by the competent authorities; 

> 	- The minimum security and/ or reliability requirements for one or more involved parties are no longer met. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	- The minimum security and/ or reliability requirements for one or more involved parties are no longer met. 
	- The User's device no longer meets the minimum security requirements (rooted or jailbroken).
```

Reviewer 4: ok, we will add the third point cc: @steps88

- Request the backup and storage of Electronic Attestations of Attributes obtained through their Wallet Instance; 
- Request the restore of their Electronic Attestations of Attributes on another Wallet Instance. 

For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it. 

Deactivation of the Wallet Instance 
************************************

The deactivation of the Wallet Instance is the functionality that makes the Wallet Instance inactive and therefore no longer operational. The deactivation process can be triggered by different actors depending on the circumstances, specifically: 

- By the User, in cases such as: 
	- The device has been lost or stolen; 
	- The device has been compromised; 
	- The device has been reset to factory settings. 

- By an authorized third party, in cases such as: 
	- The Wallet Solution no longer meets the minimum security requirements. 

The User MUST have the ability to voluntarily deactivate their Wallet Instance through: 
- The Wallet Instance itself; 
- A Touchpoint (e.g., a website) provided by the Wallet Provider; 

> - The device’s app store, by uninstalling the Wallet Instance. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The device’s app store, by uninstalling the Wallet Provider App. 
```

Reviewer 2: Suggeriamo di rimuovere questo punto, perché se l'utente disinstalla dallo store non viene rimossa la WI by default. In alternativa, scolleghiamo questo punto dalla disattivazione WI e ne parliamo in un paragrafo sulla disintallazione.

- **Self-resolution**: The User SHOULD be able to consult frequently asked questions (FAQs) about the content and functionalities of the Wallet Instance, in order to resolve any error cases or issues independently. 
- **Guided issue reporting**: The User SHOULD be guided through the process of opening an assistance request, in order to clearly define the issue and facilitate its resolution. 
- **Collaboration between actors**: Each actor involved (Wallet Provider, Electronic Attestations of Attributes Provider, PID Provider, and Authentic Source) SHOULD ensure the availability of dedicated back-office channels, configured according to their specific roles and operational procedures. The Wallet Provider SHOULD ensure that every request is directed to the appropriate actor in order to provide a prompt and accurate response, avoid overloading the actors involved, and improve the overall effectiveness of the assistance system. 
- **Efficient communication**: The User MAY track and MUST be updated on the status of their request throughout all stages of processing, with clear, continuous, and coordinated communication between all the actors involved. 

> 

Reviewer: Role of the actors in the Assistance process: The roles and responsibilities of the actors within the support model must be clearly defined. The wallet provider can serve as the entry point for support, but is not responsible for the content of the document added to the wallet (under the responsibility of the Auth. sources). The wallet provider must not act as an intermediary between the user and the Auth Source for forwarding reports, it would create significant confusion for the end user.

Author: See comment [above on Assistance](https://github.com/italia/eid-wallet-it-docs/pull/594#discussion_r2045283856)

Below are the functional requirements supporting the User Experience for both methods.

**Supervised Mode** 

- The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method previously set; 
- The User MUST navigate to the feature dedicated to QR Code generation; 
- The User MUST present the generated QR Code to the Verifier acting on behalf of the Relying Party, who scans it using the designated verification app or system; 
- The User MUST review the requested PID data and/or Attributes, the name of the requesting Service Provider, and any related policy. The User MUST decide whether to share any non-mandatory PID data and/or Attributes (Selective Disclosure). The User MUST provide consent to proceed or MAY cancel the operation; 
- The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 
- The User MUST receive confirmation of the successful presentation. 

If an error occurs, the User MUST receive clear and consistent messages informing them of the issue and guiding them toward resolution. For further details, please refer to the `Error Management`_ section. 

**Unsupervised Mode** 

> - The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method previously set; 
> - The User MUST navigate to the feature dedicated to QR Code generation; 
> - The User MUST present the generated QR Code to the designated device (e.g., a turnstile) of the Relying Party for scanning; 
> - The User MUST review the requested PID data and/or Attributes, the name of the requesting Relying Party, and any related policy. The User MUST decide whether to share any non-mandatory PID data and/or Attributes (Selective Disclosure). The User MUST provide consent to proceed or MAY cancel the operation; 
> - The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 
> - The User MUST receive confirmation of the successful presentation. 

Author: ```suggestion
- the User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method previously set; 
- the User MUST navigate to the feature dedicated to QR Code generation; 
- the User MUST present the generated QR Code to the designated device (e.g., a turnstile) of the Relying Party for scanning; 
- the User MUST review the requested PID data and/or Attributes, the name of the requesting Relying Party, and any related policy. The User MUST decide whether to share any non-mandatory PID data and/or Attributes (Selective Disclosure). The User MUST provide consent to proceed or MAY cancel the operation; 
- the User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 
- the User MUST receive confirmation of the successful presentation. 
```

Functionalities
################

The IT-Wallet System provides Users with a simpler, faster, and more secure way to access services. This service is delivered through the use of a Wallet Solution, whose User Experience is structured into three main phases: pre-use, use, and post-use. 

..  figure:: ../../images/UX-phases-usage.svg
    :alt: User Experience phases of Wallet usage
    :width: 100%
*User Experience phases of Wallet usage*

The following sections focus on the usage and post-usage phases. They define the functional requirements supporting the User Experience for the Activation, Acquisition, Presentation, Management, and Deactivation phases, along with interaction requirements related to error management, assistance requests, and feedback collection. 

Each section includes references to the supporting resources and recommendations that specify the required User-Wallet Instance interactions, as well as best design practices that may be followed to promote consistency across different Wallet Solutions in terms of how functionalities are accessed and used. 
 

Activation of the Wallet Instance 
**********************************

> Activation is the essential step to enable the User to access the Wallet Solution's functionalities for securely obtaining, presenting, and managing their Electronic Attestations. The activation process involves User Authentication with the Wallet Instance using their digital identity, which enables the generation of the PID. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Activation enables the User to access the Wallet Solution's functionalities for securely obtaining, presenting, and managing their Electronic Attestations. The activation process involves User Authentication with the Wallet Instance using their digital identity, which enables the generation of the PID. 
```

- The User MUST select an Authentication option from those available; 
- The User MUST complete the Authentication flow with the National Identity Provider’s service; 
- The User MUST receive confirmation of the Authentication process outcome. If successful, the User MUST view a preview of their PID. The User MUST confirm the previewed information to proceed with Wallet Instance activation, or MAY cancel the operation; 
- The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlocking method previously set; 
- The User MUST receive confirmation of the successful activation of the Wallet Instance.

The User MUST always have the option to request the deactivation of their Wallet Instance, even in the absence of the device on which it was installed. For further details, please refer to the `Deactivation of the Wallet Instance`_ section.

In case of errors, the User MUST receive consistent messages that inform them and guide them toward resolving the issue. For further details, please refer to the `Error Management`_ section. 

> For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
For further details and resources, please refer to `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

Layout of Electronic Attestations 
==================================

The Electronic Attestations obtained within the Wallet Instance SHOULD be displayed in a list within a Preview View. In this case, the Electronic Attestations MUST ensure a high level of recognizability and accessibility [REF_ACCESSIBILITY] of the information contained. Below are the requirements for displaying the Electronic Attestation that each Wallet Provider MUST adhere to in order to provide a consistent and accessible consultation and usage experience: 

- The Electronic Attestation MUST be displayed correctly across all devices, ensuring a consistent experience on screens of varying sizes; 
- The name of the Electronic Attestation MUST be clearly visible and always displayed in both the Detail View and the Preview View; 

> - The Electronic Attestation, in the Preview View, MUST display its validity status and MAY also include additional attributes to enhance the user experience and management; for example, it MAY display the name or logo of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider or the PID Provider; 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- The Electronic Attestation, in the Preview View, MUST display its validity status and MAY also include additional attributes to enhance the User experience and management; for example, it MAY display the name or logo of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider or the PID Provider; 
```

- The layout of elements in the Preview View of the Electronic Attestation MUST be optimized for scalability and usability, especially when multiple Electronic Attestations are displayed on the same screen; 
- The Electronic Attestation MAY adopt a card format, in line with approaches already used by other Wallets in the market, to mirror the appearance of a corresponding physical document. When applicable, the digital nature of the document MAY be indicated, such as by labeling it as a "digital version" in the layout; 
- The Electronic Attestation MUST display the same information in the Detail View as shown in the Preview View and MAY include additional details; 
- The Electronic Attestation MUST include Action Buttons in the Detail View to allow for management, as outlined in the `Management of Electronic Attestations`_ section. 

> For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
For further details and resources, please refer to `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

Below are the functional requirements supporting the User Experience for both methods.

**Supervised Mode** 

- The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method previously set; 
- The User MUST navigate to the feature dedicated to QR Code generation; 
- The User MUST present the generated QR Code to the Verifier acting on behalf of the Relying Party, who scans it using the designated verification app or system; 
- The User MUST review the requested PID data and/or Attributes, the name of the requesting Service Provider, and any related policy. The User MUST decide whether to share any non-mandatory PID data and/or Attributes (Selective Disclosure). The User MUST provide consent to proceed or MAY cancel the operation; 
- The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 
- The User MUST receive confirmation of the successful presentation. 

If an error occurs, the User MUST receive clear and consistent messages informing them of the issue and guiding them toward resolution. For further details, please refer to the `Error Management`_ section. 

> For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it.  

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
For further details and resources, please refer to `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_.  
```

**Unsupervised Mode** 

- The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method previously set; 
- The User MUST navigate to the feature dedicated to QR Code generation; 
- The User MUST present the generated QR Code to the designated device (e.g., a turnstile) of the Relying Party for scanning; 
- The User MUST review the requested PID data and/or Attributes, the name of the requesting Relying Party, and any related policy. The User MUST decide whether to share any non-mandatory PID data and/or Attributes (Selective Disclosure). The User MUST provide consent to proceed or MAY cancel the operation; 
- The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 

> - The User MUST receive confirmation of the successful presentation. 

Reviewer 5: if we use `;` at the end of line -> `the User` and not `The User`

otherwise we should put a `.`

- The User MUST access the desired Wallet Instance from the device where it is installed, using the unlock method previously set; 
- The User MUST scan the QR Code provided by the Relying Party using their Wallet Instance; 
- The User MUST review the requested PID data and/or Attributes, the name of the requesting Relying Party, and any related policy. The User MUST decide whether to share any non-mandatory personal data (Selective Disclosure). The User MUST provide consent to proceed or MAY cancel the operation. 
- The User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 
- The User MUST receive confirmation of the successful presentation within the Wallet Instance; 
- The User MUST return to the Relying Party's Touchpoint and MAY view confirmation of the completed presentation. 

If an error occurs, the User MUST receive clear and consistent messages informing them of the issue and guiding them toward resolution. For further details, please refer to the `Error Management`_ section. 

For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it.

> *Authentication* 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Authentication
.......................
```

	- The User no longer has possession of the device on which their Wallet Instance is installed due to loss or theft. 

- **Passive revocation**: This refers to the revocation of an Electronic Attestation managed by the respective Electronic Attestation Provider on behalf of the Authentic Source. In this case, the User MUST be informed of the status change of the Electronic Attestation through their Wallet Instance and MAY additionally be notified via other Touchpoints managed by the Electronic Attestation Provider. Below is an illustrative list of scenarios that could lead to the revocation of an Electronic Attestation: 

	- The physical document corresponding to the Electronic Attestation has been reported lost or damaged by the User through the appropriate channel/ Touchpoint; 
	- The physical document corresponding to the Electronic Attestation has been revoked by the competent authorities; 
	- The minimum security and/ or reliability requirements for one or more involved parties are no longer met. 

For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it. 

History of Electronic Attestations 
===================================

> To ensure the principles of visibility and transparency, the User MUST be able to view the history of all presentations performed, in other words, the use of Electronic Attribute Attestations through their IT-Wallet Instance. In particular: 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To ensure the principles of visibility and transparency, the User MUST be able to view the history of all Digital Credential presentations performed using their IT-Wallet Instance. In particular: 
```

Reviewer 4: check terms Electronic Attestation of attributes and/or Digital Credential in the other parts of the text

Author: ```suggestion
To ensure the principles of visibility and transparency, the User MUST be able to view the history of all Electronic Attestations presentations performed using their Wallet Instance. In particular: 
```

- The User MUST see which Relying Party they have interacted with and which Electronic Attestations have been presented and verified; 
- The User MUST be able to easily request the Relying Party to delete their information related to previous presentations. 

> For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
For further details and resources, please refer to `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

 
Backup and Restore of Electronic Attestation of Attributes 
===========================================================

With the aim of ensuring the principle of data portability, the User MUST have access to specific functionalities, particularly to: 

- Request the backup and storage of Electronic Attestations of Attributes obtained through their Wallet Instance; 
- Request the restore of their Electronic Attestations of Attributes on another Wallet Instance. 

> For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
For further details and resources, please refer to `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

- The User MUST be informed that deactivating the Wallet Instance will invalidate previously obtained Electronic Attestations; 
- The User MUST confirm the action to proceed with deactivation, or MAY cancel the operation; 
- The User MUST receive confirmation of successful deactivation; 
- The User MUST be notified that the Wallet Instance is inactive when logging in again; 
- The User MUST have the ability to reactivate the Wallet Instance by re-downloading the app from the app store (if uninstalled) and/or by following the activation process again. For further details, please refer to the `Activation of the Wallet Instance`_ section. 

Once the Wallet Instance is reactivated, Electronic Attestations of Attributes can be re-obtained by starting the issuance or restore process again. For more details, please refer to sections `Issuance of Electronic Attestations of Attributes`_ and `Backup and Restore of Electronic Attestation of Attributes`_. 

In case of errors, the User MUST receive clear and consistent messages that provide information and guidance for resolution. For more details, please refer to the `Error Management`_ section. 

> For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it. 

Reviewer 5: I definitively can say that I don't like this sentence about `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_

I would go for providing details and resources within these technical specs aiming to reduce fragmentation
Furthermore, it doesn't make sense to generally point to a website without specifying the section and where the content is available.

   * - Error type 
     - Actor in charge 
   * - The User does not hold the required Attributes contained in one or more Electronic Attestations within their Wallet Instance to access a specific service 
     - Wallet Provider 

**Management of Electronic Attestations** 

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Error type 
     - Actor in charge 
   * - The service for revocation/ backup/ restore of an Electronic Attestation of Attributes is unavailable (e.g. technical errors) 
     - Electronic Attestations of Attributes Provider 
   * - The service for revocation of PID is unavailable (e.g. technical errors) 
     - PID Provider 

**Deactivation of the Wallet Instance** 

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Error type 
     - Actor in charge 
   * - The service for deactivating the Wallet Instance is unavailable (e.g. technical errors) 
     - Wallet Provider 

Assistance 
***********

For effective error management and the resolution of any other issues, the Primary Actors MUST ensure adequate support to the User by structuring a simple and effective assistance model. For this purpose, good practices are proposed on which such a model SHOULD be based: 

> - **Self-resolution**: The User SHOULD be able to consult frequently asked questions (FAQs) about the content and functionalities of the Wallet Instance, in order to resolve any error cases or issues independently. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- **Self-resolution**: The User should be able to consult frequently asked questions (FAQs) about the content and functionalities of the Wallet Instance, in order to resolve any error cases or issues independently. 
```

> - **Self-resolution**: The User SHOULD be able to consult frequently asked questions (FAQs) about the content and functionalities of the Wallet Instance, in order to resolve any error cases or issues independently. 

Reviewer 5: Normative language should be applied to subjects where responsibility is required, while users are free to act as they choose.

Reviewer 4: What we meant here was to tell the wallet provider that it SHOULD give the User the option of [...]
(remind to modify the text accordingly)

Each Electronic Attestation can be either valid or invalid, with corresponding impacts on its usage opportunities: 

- **Valid**: Valid Electronic Attestations MUST be usable and therefore presentable. This category also includes Electronic Attestations that are nearing expiration. If an Electronic Attestation is about to expire, the User SHOULD be notified with adequate advance notice to allow sufficient time to request its reissuance or, if necessary, revoke it. 

- **Invalid**: Invalid Electronic Attestations MUST NOT be usable or presentable. This category includes expired or revoked Electronic Attestations. In such cases, the User MUST be informed of the invalid status and SHOULD receive the reason. If an Electronic Attestation is no longer valid and cannot be used in any scenario, the Wallet Solution MAY implement mechanisms to restrict access to the Detailed View of that Electronic Attestation. This is intended to encourage the User to update or delete the Electronic Attestation by providing appropriate informational text and a Call to Action. 

> *Revocation of Electronic Attestations* 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Revocation of Electronic Attestations
................................................................
```

- **The stage of the User Experience** where the error may occur: activation or deactivation of the Wallet Instance, obtaining, presenting, or managing Electronic Attestations of Attributes; 
- **The type of error**: system error, communication error between actors, etc.; 
- **The actor responsible** for the error: Wallet Provider, PID Provider, Electronic Attestations of Attributes Provider, Authentic Source; 
- **The way the error is displayed**: message on the page, banner, toast message, and so on; 
- **Suggested actions for the User** to resolve the error: suggestion to wait, request to try again, referral to FAQs and/or customer care, etc.; 
- **The method for error management**: opening an assistance request through the Wallet Instance, linking to other detailed channels, and so on. For further details, please refer to the `Assistance`_ section. 

Below is a non-exhaustive list of the main error cases, with reference to the actor responsible for their management, for each phase of the User Experience. 

> **Activation of the Wallet Instance**

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Activation of the Wallet Instance
*******************************************************
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Error type
     - Actor in charge
   * - The device does not support the Wallet Solution (e.g. absence of minimum security or technological requirements) 
     - Wallet Provider
   * - The Wallet Provider's services are unresponsive (e.g. technical errors or lack of connection) 
     - Wallet Provider 
   * - The PID Provider's services are unresponsive (e.g. technical errors) 
     - PID Provider
   * - The Authentication process on the National Identity Provider's service was unsuccessful (e.g. technical errors, unrecognized identity, etc.) 
     - National Identity Provider 

> **Issuance of Electronic Attestations of Attributes**

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Issuance of Electronic Attestations of Attributes
****************************************************************
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Error type
     - Actor in charge
   * - The Wallet Instance and/or the PID are not active 
     - Wallet Provider 
   * - The service for obtaining an Electronic Attestation of Attributes is unavailable (e.g. technical errors) 
     - Electronic Attestations of Attributes Provider, Authentic Source 
   * - The User is unable to obtain a specific Electronic Attestation of Attributes in their Wallet Instance (e.g. no eligibility, invalid or expired physical version, etc.) 
     - Authentic Source 

> **Presentation of Electronic Attestations** 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Presentation of Electronic Attestations
**********************************************************
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Error type 
     - Actor in charge 
   * - The User does not hold the required Attributes contained in one or more Electronic Attestations within their Wallet Instance to access a specific service 
     - Wallet Provider 

> **Management of Electronic Attestations** 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Management of Electronic Attestations
**********************************************************
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Error type 
     - Actor in charge 
   * - The service for revocation/ backup/ restore of an Electronic Attestation of Attributes is unavailable (e.g. technical errors) 
     - Electronic Attestations of Attributes Provider 
   * - The service for revocation of PID is unavailable (e.g. technical errors) 
     - PID Provider 

> **Deactivation of the Wallet Instance** 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Deactivation of the Wallet Instance
***************************************************
```

   :header-rows: 1

   * - Error type 
     - Actor in charge 
   * - The service for deactivating the Wallet Instance is unavailable (e.g. technical errors) 
     - Wallet Provider 

In addition to error management, all Primary Actors MUST also deal with negative feedback resulting from the User’s decision to abandon or cancel a flow (e.g. Activation, Acquisition, Presentation, etc.). In such cases, feedback MUST be provided to confirm the User’s choice, and it MAY include a Call to Action to continue. 

Assistance 
***********

For effective error management and the resolution of any other issues, the Primary Actors MUST ensure adequate support to the User by structuring a simple and effective assistance model. For this purpose, good practices are proposed on which such a model SHOULD be based: 

> - **Self-resolution**: The User SHOULD be able to consult frequently asked questions (FAQs) about the content and functionalities of the Wallet Instance, in order to resolve any error cases or issues independently. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Self-resolution**: Wallet Providers SHOULD allow the User to consult frequently asked questions (FAQs) about the content and functionalities of the Wallet Instance, in order to resolve any error cases or issues independently. 
```

- the User MUST download the Wallet Solution onto their device to generate their Wallet Instance; 
- the User MUST set up an unlocking method through a recognition mode (e.g., OTP, biometric authentication, Face ID, PIN). The User MUST use the selected recognition method each time they access the service to ensure security and protect their information; 
- the User MUST review all relevant information regarding the activation process and service usage. Additionally, the User MUST read any policy from the Provider and PID Provider and/or the service's terms and conditions. The User MUST give their consent to proceed or MAY decline to cancel the operation; 
- the User MUST select an Authentication option from those available; 
- the User MUST complete the Authentication flow with the National Identity Provider’s service; 
- the User MUST receive confirmation of the Authentication process outcome. If successful, the User MUST view a preview of their PID. The User MUST confirm the previewed information to proceed with Wallet Instance activation, or MAY cancel the operation; 
- the User MUST authorize the operation using the unlocking method previously set; 

> - the User MUST receive confirmation of the successful activation of the Wallet Instance.

Reviewer 5: Wallet Solution must provide to the user ... not the User, the USer is free unless he/she losts the wallet unit and then he/she MUST revoke it.

Author: resolved with the commit [8206a12](https://github.com/italia/eid-wallet-it-docs/pull/594/commits/8206a124b850ac023b4df70d469632e538dae84e)

- the User MUST review certain minimum information before confirming the operation: PID data, if required by the Authentic Source for the request of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, the name of the related Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, and any related information policy. The User MUST choose whether to disclose any additional non-mandatory data for the request (Selective Disclosure). The User MUST give their consent to proceed, or they MAY cancel the operation; 
- the User MUST view a preview of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes. The User MUST confirm the data shown in the preview to proceed with the request or MAY cancel the operation; 
- the User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 
- the User MUST view the positive outcome of the request; 
- the User MUST view the details of the requested Electronic Attestation of Attributes, including: the data contained in it, the name of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider who issued the Attestation, and the name of the Authentic Source; 

> - the User MUST have access to all issued Electronic Attestations by navigating the Catalog of the Wallet Instance. 

Reviewer 5: as me comment above

- the User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set;
- the User MUST receive confirmation of the successful presentation.

If an error occurs, the User MUST receive clear and consistent messages informing them of the issue and guiding them toward resolution. For further details, please refer to the `Error Management`_ section. 

**Unsupervised Mode** 

- the User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the unlock method previously set; 
- the User MUST navigate to the feature dedicated to QR Code generation; 
- the User MUST present the generated QR Code to the designated device (e.g., a turnstile) of the Relying Party for scanning; 
- the User MUST review the requested PID data and/or Attributes, the name of the requesting Relying Party, and any related policy. The User MUST decide whether to present any non-mandatory PID data and/or Attributes (Selective Disclosure). The User MUST provide consent to proceed or MAY cancel the operation; 
- the User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 

> - the User MUST receive confirmation of the successful presentation. 

Reviewer 5: as my comment above

**Cross-Device Mode** 

- The User MUST click the Engagement Button provided on the Touchpoint of the Relying Party while accessing the service from a different device than the one where the Wallet Instance is installed; 
- the User MUST access the desired Wallet Instance from the device where it is installed, using the unlock method previously set; 
- the User MUST scan the QR Code provided by the Relying Party using their Wallet Instance; 
- the User MUST review the requested PID data and/or Attributes, the name of the requesting Relying Party, and any related policy. The User MUST decide whether to present any non-mandatory personal data (Selective Disclosure). The User MUST provide consent to proceed or MAY cancel the operation. 
- the User MUST authorize the operation using the unlock method previously set; 
- the User MUST receive confirmation of the successful presentation within the Wallet Instance; 
- the User MUST return to the Relying Party's Touchpoint and MAY view confirmation of the completed presentation. 

> 

Reviewer 5: as my comment above

	- The device has been reset to factory settings. 

- By an authorized third party, in cases such as: 

	- The Wallet Solution no longer meets the minimum security requirements. 

The User MUST have the ability to voluntarily deactivate their Wallet Instance through: 
- The Wallet Instance itself; 
- A Touchpoint (e.g., a website) provided by the Wallet Provider; 
- The device’s app store, by uninstalling the Wallet Instance. 

Below are the functional requirements to support the User Experience related to the deactivation of the Wallet Instance: 

- The User MUST access their Wallet Instance using the previously configured unlock method or MUST Authenticate at the Touchpoint provided by the Wallet Provider; 
- The User MUST select the Wallet Instance deactivation functionality; 
- The User MUST be informed that deactivating the Wallet Instance will invalidate previously obtained Electronic Attestations; 
- The User MUST confirm the action to proceed with deactivation, or MAY cancel the operation; 
- The User MUST receive confirmation of successful deactivation; 
- The User MUST be notified that the Wallet Instance is inactive when logging in again; 

> - The User MUST have the ability to reactivate the Wallet Instance by re-downloading the app from the app store (if uninstalled) and/or by following the activation process again. For further details, please refer to the `Activation of the Wallet Instance`_ section. 

Reviewer 5: as my comment above

   :width: 100%

The following sections focus on the usage and post-usage phases. They define the functional requirements supporting the User Experience for the Activation, Acquisition, Presentation, Management, and Deactivation phases, along with interaction requirements related to error management, assistance requests, and feedback collection. 

The Official Resources include recommendations on the required User-Wallet Instance interactions and design best practices that promote consistency across different Wallet Solutions in terms of how functionalities are accessed and used. 
 

Activation of the Wallet Instance 
**********************************

Activation enables the User to access the Wallet Solution's functionalities for securely obtaining, presenting, and managing their Electronic Attestations. The activation process involves User Authentication with the Wallet Instance using their digital identity, which enables the generation of the PID. 

Below are the functional and the User Experience requirements that the Wallet Provider MUST guarantee via their Wallet Solution:  

- the User downloads the Wallet Solution onto their device to generate their Wallet Instance; 

> - the User sets an unlock method for their Wallet Instance (e.g., OTP, biometric authentication, Face ID, PIN). The User uses the unlock method whenever an authorization is required to ensure security and protect their information;  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- the User sets an unlock PIN for their Wallet Instance if one has not been previously set in the app. In addition to the PIN, the User can decide to use their own unlock mechanism used within the device and managed at the operating system level (e.g., biometric authentication) as an alternative to the PIN. The User uses the unlock method whenever an authorization is required to ensure security and protect their information;  
```
